Oops, what's your hurry?
Ye Shao won't treat me badly.
Think of me as the president of the beautiful woman in southern Xinjiang
To be reduced to being a cleaner
Did I really do something wrong?
If you had been better to Mengmeng
No domestic violence Ye Tianci
Maybe I'm a real industrialist now
Grandma, you want to go to a fashion show in Paris today
Or fly to the island country for coffee?
Night vision
Anyway.
I, Chu Ruoxi, have to sit in that position
I won't be like Huang Shaoren, a wimp
sit still
Happiness is earned by oneself
Wait a minute.
Yo
Look at that. Look at that.
Who is this?
This is not a false temple.
The owner of the fox fake tiger power?
Why are you here for inspection today?
Yes inspection
Ye Tianci, do you know what this place is?
This is the temple.
Five-yearly Building Chamber of Commerce
The people who came were the chiefs of the major families in the building
Worth starts at 100 billion
What qualifications are you?
The young master is now the head of the Ye family
Worth Trillions
Do you think this qualification is enough?
It's your high-ranking female president
Wearing this cleaner's clothes
With the emperor's security suit
It's a good match